Before we begin downloading tools and preparing our environment for development for A W-S Let's take
a look at what we're going to cover in the section in this section.
We'll take a look at our development tools and environment.
This is basically the idea is Python versions installing Bothell library on Python and everything related
to that of course we're going to take a taste of a WSC a lie.
Let me try to configure our A WOSM moment on our machines for access keys and secret keys and reagents
and of course we're going to take a moment to download and install Python on our machines.
And after we how Python on our machines we're of course going to have our ID.
And again I recommend you use pi charm since it has a both free edition and a professional version.
You can just go to Jepp brains and download it then of course both of three is our main ingredient in
the score and I'll of course show you how to get it and how to use it.
The operating system part of the score is important because in the following lectures there will be
dedicated videos about installing tools on Windows or Mac OS.
So depending on your operating system choose a video to install the tools and set up your environment
and you just can skip the other ones.
So in that case if you're a Mac user you can just simply skip the window sections of the videos.
And after we have our implement already I'll show you how to create an AWOS account.
If you don't have it already.
But again I highly encourage you to take a moment to prepare an AWOS account and get it free because
it has a free tier for up to one year.
So this is a very great opportunity from A W-S.
And after we how are a W-S account ready will log into A W-S console and take a walk through it.
I'll be showing you the easy to section.
And of course the PC section primarily and of course we're going to take your general walkthrough of
some of the important parts of AWOS
And when we finish walking through the AWOS console we're going to be creating a development user Ferraro
account and we're going to be obtaining our AWOS credentials.
So these are going to be access Keys and Key is of course we're going to create our own keys and we're
going to be configuring them using a WSC rely on our machines.
So all a showing in that exact steps to.
And again we're going to be setting up our moment using a WSC alive and I'll be showing me all the steps
and modeling that and I'll be explaining you how to set region and how to set your access keys and secret
keys.